HISTORY
Kanban is an engineering process which was first developed by Toyota in the
late 1940s. It is a just-in-time process, that is, the production is directly
dependent on the client's demand. Instead of manufacturing a lot and then
trying to sell all those products, the quantity produced is the demanded by
the market. This is done to minimize the waste.
In Japanese, Kanban means "card with signs", and the system is called this way
because Toyota workers used this kanban to signal steps in the manufacturing
process: what was done, what was started but not done yet and what needed to
be done but wasn't started.
In the beginning of the 21st century, it was discovered that Kanban was actually
applicable to other working scenarios, not only the manufacturing industry, and
David J. Anderson effectively stated how this Kanban method needed to be applied.

HOW IT WORKS
-Visualizing the work flow is really important. To do this, a Kanban board is
used. In this visualization board, we will be able to see all the tasks that
are needed (each of them represented as an individual card), placed in at least
three columns: one for the already done ones, another for the ones that are
currently being done and the last one for the ones which haven't been started yet.
To these, there's usually added another one to state those tasks that haven't
been started yet but are ready to be worked on.
-Limiting work in process reduces problems related to task switching, constant
re-prioritization of items or multi-tasking. It's likely to be the number of workers
multiplied by 1.5, so that if any tasks are blocked in a certain moment, we can
guarantee that there is at least one task per worker. These limits make it 
easier to find the source of a problem as, if something went wrong blocking
a certain stage for too much time, a bottle neck could clearly be seen, so less
time is wasted looking for the root the problem.

KANBAN VS SCRUM
Differences:
-No defined roles
-No deadlines
-Estimation is not critical as there's no deadlining